hello everyone and welcome to hot line
League episode 30 there's so much to
talk about on this week's show as
opposed to last week's shows kind of so
we're actually getting into LCS in just
a little bit play teams are starting to
scrim again we have a good conversation
to have around all that stuff The
Players Association just had a pretty
big meeting today we've got PO Beltre
here who has actually been out that he's
gonna tell us literally minute by minute
everything that was talked about in that
meeting probably not but there's so much
more to talk about right now hotline
League starts in this moment opened by
HP but Haga hotline League is brought to
you by opened by HP all right there was
a snafu but I resolved it the message is
out there we know who the show's brought
by anyways we're gonna go to the show no
it was it was the way the software works
is that it was already halfway through
the animation and I went back to it so
is playing halfway through the video
let's talk a little bit about the show
cuz we've got PO Beltre on and PO Beltre
has never seen this show before it was
asking us what this show is moments
before the show begin and so we can
explain that so PO Beltre normalling and
for those that are watching for the
first time we are we talk about stuff
between us for about you know five or
ten minutes and then we get into calls
the way it works is fans viewers whoever
else pit like a topic they want to talk
about mark will give a better
explanation a little bit of a chat and
then mark picks callers and we invite
them on via discord and then we talk to
them so they might say something like I
think all the senior leadership at TSM
is inept and then you might scream at
them so that's that's an example of how
that's a joke but either way that's how
the show works so but first off let me
go ahead and introduce everybody first
off we got my constant cohost mark
Zimmerman on the show how's it going
mark great I guess we killed the whole
late night aesthetic Travis just has his
lights on full fucking blast well they
were flickering before there was like a
flicker effects
like in them that's maybe that's a
little better it's not flickering if I
do that mark how of things been with you
lately besides criticizing my aesthetic
look look at my dude I got now yes
is that because you had somebody move in
with you potentially so it was never
gonna be a Jew that major room look nice
god no no no no absolutely not I also
beat Nier automata this week I've been
hard at work here play a game I've never
played it I are actually I've played it
like for a couple hours but have you
played a pro belter yeah most of them so
did you alright spoilers if you haven't
seen it I don't want I don't want
spoilers cuz I'm on my place yeah yeah
but I might play it soon I don't want
spoilers cuz I've been I actually I
started playing a couple months ago and
then I took a break whenever no no but
then but then I can't there's no way for
me to hear the brought the stream will
just not hear anything yes okay talk
about it after the fact
Paul Beltre is joining us the mid laner
for Team Liquid how's it going Poe
Beltre I'm good how are you Travis
covered I am doing well I am doing well
I'm glad you asked I've been I'm
settling more and more into the new
apartment I announced last week that I'm
living with Kobe they don't live with us
anymore
no I don't know you didn't know that I
moved I moved to a place in Century City
with Kobe is it a nicer place it is
nicer it's almost the exact same yeah
gave me a little tour and the first
thing it says like oh it's just like
your other place and you got mad at me
yeah well uh either way I moved in and
that's growing well I I was at the
facility yesterday to interview your new
Fortnight team I interviewed 72 hours
and that everybody's gonna go out you
guys have a for tonight team do you know
that I do know that yeah well there's
someone to play yeah I was gonna say we
both wait 650 joke at the same time oh
maybe maybe next year okay all right
chat talk about near first thing so I
got
I just gotta say this less boilers
please not a spoiler people talk about
how it's like one of the best stories in
RPGs and I just fucking hate that people
say that it's a good story it's fine
but it's like any other like Japanese
RPGs story slash anime like things just
get turned up to 11 and what this does
really well is it presents it really
well and it has like really cool style
choices but like the story itself is not
like the deepest shit ever the plot
twists we're like hinted at super
heavily in the first like minute of the
game
it doesn't push its falafel Asafa
Colella meant sperry far which is fine
because it's supposed to be cool this
shit and it is cool as shit get me out
of here with people talking about being
one of the best stories in RPGs alright
I'm out that's all I have to say I love
the game blow belter what's been going
on with you so you guys started screams
what did you start uh we had like one
week off after MSI and then we got back
at it on like I think last Monday so
we've had like a little over a week okay
and a do you feel it's a good to be back
in the saddle or you just like back to
scrims oh yeah actually I remember on
that week-long break I was like damn I
really can't wait to get back to
practice again and then I thought about
like we're the team that went to MSI and
then other teams had like over a month
more of just off time than us so I kind
of felt bad for them yeah cuz yeah I
mean it just feels good to get back into
the grind
we weren't even gone for that long yeah
how do you feel like I know we talked to
parth about this are you guys like
finally happy that some of those other
people are getting that chance to to
experience the long offseason and the
between the splits when not much happens
you just kind of sit there and wait for
your life to start back up no no really
I would fuck about the other teams well
that's good to have you here
so there was a I'm sure we'll have
somebody callin about this because you
know or maybe they won't I don't know
but I just posted an interview with the
head of the Players Association that I
filmed yesterday afternoon and then I I
posted that live and you guys had a
Players Association summit today that
you went to
and I'm really curious to talk to you
about this little bit because I feel
like a lot of the players don't give a
crap about the Players Association I'm
curious like Peter somewhat mockingly
posted like oh boy so excited to go to
my first meeting today and I heard some
stories about kind of not great turnout
for the meetings before this one so I'm
just kind of curious what your take is
on the Players Association summit how
you felt about or how you felt about the
summit today and how you feel about the
Association in general yeah I thought
about it all of those things are pretty
much true there's a lot of players that
don't really care too much about it
think about it seriously turnouts been
pretty low for the meetings I mean
honestly I didn't even go to some of
them because like during the season
we're really really busy we have like
one-off day a week sometimes and then if
the Players Association is on that one
off day and it's taken well and I need
to get something done like if I just
need to do some like basic self-care
like I don't know go get a doctor's
checkup go to the dentist you know
forget my haircut something like that
and then I just can't make it to the
player meeting because I don't have time
to do that otherwise
but um yeah I thought about it and then
yeah a lot of people are not really sure
as to the importance or the meaning of
Players Association currently and then I
thought about it and then I realized
that really it's just kind of up to us
like it's really our association and
it's our hands to decide what to do with
it so once I thought about it that way I
started to think about it but more
seriously when did you have that
epiphany just out of curiosity this
morning actually oh really okay yeah
it's like Players Association meeting
was it turn out good because I heard I
heard that or the Hal migas who is the
head of the Association he said that
today was a blackout day for the teams
and that it was purposely a blackout day
so that you guys could go to this does
that even mean blackout day like you
scrims oh yeah well all the teams had to
take photos at riot today for the
upcoming season so it just kind of
went off the back of that oh okay yeah
there was fairly high turnout I guess it
wasn't like every player from every team
was here but like a decent amount of
people yeah was the meeting good in your
opinion or helpful or I mean I don't
know how much you want to share about it
but I'm just kind of curious because
this whole thing was announced like a
year and a half ago and literally today
is like the first time we've heard
anything publicly about it though I know
they've been operating behind the scenes
for a little bit yeah about what I
should say sure all the stuff done I
don't I don't know if I should even like
talk about what we talked about like if
it's supposed to be private or not yeah
I think he was saying that you guys were
voting on people today yeah we were
voting for like player representatives
and like positions within the Players
Association and then there's just a lot
of discussion about like how many reps
there should be like how many positions
there should be for like positions in
the player council like why they even
need to exist but those rules you're
gonna do so that kind of took up the
bulk of the meeting which last is like a
little over two hours they'd say yeah my
last question before maybe we we move on
unless mark has something it's just like
do you I have heard times many players
gripe about things right from everything
from all I get to go to all-stars and
get zero prize money or get paid to be
there to frustration around like how
quickly a patch hits the LCS
you know verse two how long the season
is if you go to Worlds do you think that
you guys will be able to use like
finally this is like a vehicle
I heard by the way recently that the
only other time that the na LCS players
have had ever really gotten together was
whenever they were all frustrated about
having to wear makeup and the first
season of LCS yeah that Peter led like a
revolt around all this stuff and didn't
want to have to wear makeup which I find
I found hilarious because my impression
has always been that LCS players just
start it's like herding cats
in terms of getting them to work
together on something but anyway I'm
just curious like you do you think you
guys can use this to negotiate with riot
or negotiate with the teams around this
stuff yeah there were a list of like
things that need to be worked out
between the players and riot probably
like the most common problems that
players have had you know how much I can
talk about them really right yeah
there's like stuff to be done it's
nothing like egregious like oh we're
living in like cellars and you know our
living conditions were terrible or
anything like that if you need help when
Mark first started working for a team he
was living in a closet so like Harry
Potter so I understand if that that's
fine I had a full walk-in closet I
wasn't under the stairs okay and it was
a small walk-in closet yeah but you were
saying eugene that it's it's actually a
there's some stuff that's being talked
about yeah nothing like crazy major but
you know stuff that the players so she
can talk to write about and make things
like a little bit better yeah cool well
mark if you don't have any other things
that you want to talk to a pill belt or
about before we get into the calls and
you can go ahead and explain how this
all works
sure so if people haven't seen that shit
show before like PO Beltre the way this
works is you go to this discord which I
am posting in twitch chat right now
you're gonna want to join up in there
and when you do there will be a couple
text channels and a couple voice
channels you're gonna want to join plug
calls or plug calls to voice channels
and you can meet yourself once you're in
there and then in the text channels of
plug topics you're just gonna want to
type in whatever take it is that you
want to talk about and want to emphasize
we prefer it takes over questions but
with phobos their questions would be a
little bit better but usually we prefer
people say I think teamliquid wouldn't
split again here's why and then I can
pull you in because I know you want to
talk about versus I want to talk about
team liquids chances you know that's
pretty vague and I don't exactly know
what your stance is so try and make sure
you communicate what it actually is that
you want to talk about I'll be pulling
you into the waiting room where I'll
just do a quick voice check with you
once it's your turn and then we'll pull
you on there and you'll be
with pob yeah we're good sewing and if
you are a sub just be aware that there
is a I'm going to move up the little
chat stuff and the twitch chat but if
you are sub just know that there is a
sub topics section and it moves a little
slower there's less people putting their
questions in there so does give you a
little bit of an advantage but we do try
to pull from both subs and on sub so
it's not it's not a guarantee but while
we wait for the next for the first
caller I want to go over to my stream
lab setup as it slowly loads and thank
several different people of substances
start of the stream for their support
oh you know hosted me with 170 viewers I
missed that she even did that I really
appreciate that
what's that nothing all right well
anyway captain batty sent a thousand
bits Corp 83 subs slim 2019 though you
won gifted a subject Poe Beltre so
congratulations to pull Beltre you're
now a sub to the Travis cafard twitch
channel it's gonna be a big thing for a
lot of tech names the emotes are great I
mean Travis I might take like 10 minutes
during the middle of this to go you cuz
I haven't eaten since breakfast that's
my list me you could also if you're
comfortable with the eat on the stream
you just need to mute your microphone
but you know that's also not gonna be
alright oh you're not gonna be okay so
we're just gonna hear you eat do you
have anything really crunchy because I
love that you have like chips I mean
only a granola bar is a to Cronulla bar
put him so starving Gladius lips has
subbed Sam pledge $5 my patreon edy mang
subbed real foxy resub for seven months
and says shout out to Atia who's
dropping their black hoodie this Friday
cup of Lulu hosted me with reviewers
great fix T on subbed xyx drunken mage
XX subbed dr. Manhattan gift to the sub
to rise risen Lazarus and there's
several more but we're gonna get to
those in a second because mark should
have our first caller on the show a
minute he's going off to get them you
know so you'll enjoy this Eugene I think
it's great you get to interact directly
with the community
okay Christie is on the show Christie
was called in before Christie remind me
where you're calling from Austin Texas
very good good to have you on what do
you want to talk about on the show oh
wait did you go to Dreamhack by the way
very good well I'm glad to hear you had
a good time
what do you want to talk about in the
show today well first off I just want to
mention that since I met you a South by
I was able to go to Rick Fox's panel as
well where he talked quite a bit about
how much he wanted pobelter on his team
because of his 200 IQ plays so I just
wanted to casually mention that because
I thought it was really funny but anyway
my question is is that I would really
like to hear y'all's opinions on the
champion hike okay my new main and his
viability as support as well as in other
lands because he can kind of be put in
mid top and jungle as well and I also
wanted to hear your thoughts on making
an LCS appearance so thoughts on pike
and and what do you mean by making oh if
pike will make an LCS experience
appearance you're saying yes okay so pro
belter what do you think of Pike now
that he's released
I know maybe not your champion but Pike
seems really strong in the so low-key
game set I see a tucked it I've looked
about it and he said Pike is just like
awful TV to and like you just can't lane
with him so I can see that but and so
like you can probably get away with it
set up ganks real easily because the
character does have a lot of CC and
really good roaming too so whenever I
have it in my games it's usually really
high impact like blowing open the game
bottom and then just roaming mid and
then pressuring middle I will we see it
in LCS or not it could be a possibility
I've seen it in scrims a little with
varying success sometimes it's alright
sometimes it's just god fucking awful
[Music]
yeah hard hard to say about that one
what or go ahead sorry I just wanted to
say I think he's probably more enviable
and lower ello like I'm gold three and I
seem to be doing really well with them
but I just want you guys opinions is
really how you a good job that's like
top 20% wow thanks it's good so funny
whatever okay I could never tell what
poll belters being sarcastic or if he's
actually praising somebody because he
uses the same tone of voice in both
situations he he could be like yeah
bronze five that's really great ela
that's really fantastic so I've been
playing champion a little bit and
obviously I suck balls these days but I
think you can definitely carry with him
and he gets pretty out of hand if things
start going well for you just because
like his roamings crazy but after like
20 minutes if you're not snow balled he
just like doesn't function really at all
beyond trying to pick people off like
especially that the interaction I find
that like really settles it for me is
like his W just doesn't actually give
you any invisibility in a fights like if
you don't start the fight with a Q to
pull people towards you and like you
can't eat in because you have no way of
getting out and no invisibility and no
way to stay in the fight so you
literally just like hover around the
fight waiting to eat and alt somebody or
something and then like because he can't
get stealth from the fight he can't proc
his past him in a fight and like regen
up in the fight so he literally just if
you're not ahead and continuing to like
pick people off and kill them and roam
around the map like he just doesn't do
anything in such situations like his Q
is not good enough to make like like a
pic potentially you might have is not
better than like a blitzkrieg or thrash
hood he's just honey I think he's too
volatile right now as well as the fact
like his item efficiency is really bad
like he has really low ratios so you
can't like make good use of building a V
but then you can't build HP items they
just get converted to AD at a pretty low
conversion rates like he's none of his
his tank items are gold efficient on him
which like still is his actual best play
style which is why people go after shock
and tank items I don't know I personally
I tried to like him I just couldn't do
it
I
yeah I understand I really like him just
because I think he's so much fun but I
feel like if he were to be utilized and
maybe LCS he wouldn't be put into the
support role I think he would basically
be more like a Talon but slightly more
useless if that makes sense yeah the
only problem is people don't play Talon
really either exactly that's what I
means like I know people don't play
talent anymore who is also another chimp
that I really like to play so I guess I
just don't like champs that are actually
good pobelter do you need me to order
you food twitch chat is really concerned
for you they think you're a baby they
easily think you look like you're about
to pass out from starvation they're
they're just like okay fine I think
someone's getting food okay
don't you guys have a cook that's there
there's like that's supposed to make you
guys food to you but he has like a
couple days off because it's his
daughter's graduation so yeah we were
like ordering it and then post me right
off with our food so how late does that
guy normally stay because I was under
the impression it was like a lunchtime
thing no not there all day
lunch and dinner Wow spc yeah all right
so well the final question on ask PO
military and hopefully hopefully the
food arrives soon because you do look
like you're you're having a tough time
eight oh I look at here here's the thing
while we were talking about that I look
over and here's like and it just it
looked I'm like getting over I'm like
not even getting over it but I got sick
like two days ago so I'm like getting
over that too yeah alright well either
way do you like the the final question
we'll talk about with a spike is just
like do you like the creation lab
because they know that they were trying
to go for a a different type of support
with that character and I don't know if
you think that they succeeded there or
if it's just gonna be like often times
I've seen riots say like oh look it's an
entirely different way to play this and
then it just ends up either being
irrelevant or it played it in a
different Lane or something so I was
kind of curious about your general take
on the design of the character I like it
I like innovation and then when there's
like really unique champions that great
the mold come out I actually never
really even bother learning new
champions but Pike was like pretty cool
and I played him out and practice to a
while which I usually don't do unless it
seems like if something would have to
play against it LCS yeah but yeah it's
it's like he's a new champion and his
style is really different from a lot of
other support so people probably aren't
really gonna figure it the character out
whether or not it's good for a bit
longer you still I think yeah very good
uh well Christy do you have anything
else or otherwise we we might move on in
the next color yeah my friend just
wanted me to tell PO Beltre that
apparently he looks like a snack and
you're welcome
I think pobelter would prefer to have a
snack right now that's what I was
thinking I also just want to pinch maybe
you could do some ASMR eating on the
stream when you get your food you know
people like that now I don't know I
don't know if we'll go with that but I
Travis would love that to you yeah I
think I think I don't know if that's
what the 30 minutes in the middle of the
show is gonna be but I appreciate the
suggestion that is the show Travis yeah
thank you so much because deeper calling
I really appreciate thanks good night
alright moving on to the next caller
I want to give a shout out to dr.
Manhattan who give to the subdivision
Lazarus Spanky who reserved and says
this one's for Mark Z Bowie the song
they sing very cute
matcom Risa are subbed calc eight four
zero three subs
OMG you ate my cookie five subbed chaos
theory 136 subbed you guys have great
names re waddle Risa four months and
says thanks I'm Travis - Travis and Mark
for the great show I look forward to it
every week what did you order
Toby I'll turn this is gonna be the new
story for this episode all right so
here's what happened we're waiting on
our food and the delivery time you kept
getting pushed back and then yeah I
postmates ran off with the food and then
our manager came in and said our post
made fucking ran off with our food and
then someone was like okay just order
whatever or like you can take my car and
get food and then I was like I gotta do
this thing with Travis and then I don't
know what happened from there oh well
that's very nice so so you're not
ordering postmates somebody's just
supposed to have a card and get you food
yeah I think Michaels on the job manager
right yeah Peter was talking about plus
mates last night he wasn't happy about
it yeah cuz yes now yeah so where it was
that implying that he wasn't - I know I
know but really quickly did that while
he wasn't tipping before pub I don't
know are you supposed to it's like I
kind of figured like all the random fees
have postmates stacks on but I don't
believe those go - yeah or if they do
it's very slim you are supposed to put
tip your postmates oh well that's
fucking expensive then yeah there's
double of tip at restaurants or see whoa
yeah I mean we all tip it restaurants
yeah there was a one point time I was
tweeting about this and somebody was
saying they they used to deliver for
grub hub or one of those services and
that they had delivered to like four or
five different team houses and only
received a tip from one of them and they
were very disappointed at but they said
they'd never forget which team it was
that did it
moon is all is on the show moon is all
where you come from hey guys I'm calling
from and I'm California oh so close by
how's Anaheim uh it's pretty ghetto but
I live close to Disneyland so I like to
watch the fireworks show every night
it's pretty cool if every night it
doesn't get to do it or like a past no I
could see it right outside my backyard
that's cool that's PC yeah yeah when are
they going off tonight did you already
see them they go off at 9:00 p.m. every
night move there America so you've got
an hour so we need to get you out of
here in an hour so hopefully we could do
that movie nizzle what do you want to
talk about in the show today I just
wanted to ask pole-vaulter where the
notorious pob nickname started oh it on
all right so you know the rapper the
notorious b.i.g yeah right all right
there's less like photo of the notorious
b.i.g let me see if I can find it he's
like it's like a cigarette in his mouth
or some shit he's just like looking at
the camera all pissed off and then I
like I was like took a snapchat and when
I send it to my friends and then it was
like copying that pose and I just like
labeled it the notorious POB and then
everyone just told me that at that point
you actually had was this around the
time you're on winter fox or yeah it's
probably like yeah it's a old one it was
like 18 I didn't realize you made it
yourself I thought like yeah I read it
like Photoshop thing yeah that was a
fan-made thing you look he's not puffing
a cigarette he's puffing a marijuana
joint okay well we don't talk about that
on the show tree friendly yeah this is
not a 420 friendly show um po Beltre you
have actually a lot of memes around
yourself which is interesting because
you have kind of a dry personality like
it's not surprising that somebody like
dry personalities on an insult it's just
a dry humor you know there's a lot of
people out there that go and say crazy
shit like Peter or whoever but you I
don't think go out there and say such
crazy stuff and yet you have like the
200 IQ meme you've got like the
notorious pio pio be mean we've got all
these different things what is it you
know why is it that you think you have
this or you know how do you feel about
it about you eventually I feel like
you're not taking enough credit because
I didn't realize you do they know
Tourette's pob one but like the 200 IQ
shit and like the I'm definitely a top
10 mid laner like those are jokes that
you tell that that get turned into memes
like I think that 200 IQ thing would
take off I was just I don't even think
is that funny when I said it but it
really took off and and I'm sure there's
so many people out there who just say
this or that is standard IQ and they
don't even know that I exist or that I
created it I wish you could trade by
camy cuz I'd be like a fucking
millionaire at this way
happens if you go on like you know like
those mean generation sites like I
wonder it you know how they always have
like how it started huh like if you look
up 200 IQ and YouTube the PO Belcher
it's not even a suggesters you know it
is you 200 IQ plays fortnight Pub G but
Know Your Meme List 200 IQ is the
satirical reference to one's
intelligence when they're about to
perform an impressive playing video
games it comes from a legal education
twitch streamer Poe Beltre who mentions
his team he gets the credit you deserve
so now you can use that in your court
case I think that's a legally admissible
like whatever you try to sue people for
your for stealing your meme you could
use that are there other that you made
that mean the worrying trend meme was
one that I didn't know jet actually
started the worrying trend thing oh yeah
he said it like every week on the cast
didn't he no he said it what for one big
thing right he's because balls was
diamond to it he said yeah worrying
trend yeah yeah the only other thing you
said about it was like a graph of like
cooperating trend and it wasn't worrying
trends like search usage was like most
of the only two things I think you did
and then like that mean took off are
there are there any other memes that
there's 200 IQ there is notorious pob
there's there like definitely a top-10
midlaner thing that I winced and was
like where do you rank yourself and yeah
yeah that's what I'm saying so I was
like pole vaulter comes up with the
memes it's not like he does something
dumb in-game or like it's his name like
Cody 1 Cody done Cody's done like that's
all just like memeing his name yeah
thanks mark Eugene the credit he
deserves longevity is like come on man
yeah
dizzle is there anything else you'd like
to to ask her or we or you off to see
the fireworks um I might actually also
go get to get go get food cuz I had a
similar shoot in actually well now
you're just rubbing here to be able to
eat soon in his face it's very rude very
disrespectful that I guess well he might
get his food before me actually alright
well that's that's the epic thing
come back here when you get your food so
we can see thanks Mizzell all right
thanks guys thanks for having me on the
show
see I did have a great meal - thanks you
too but ok moving on we got I think I
said airy Waddell Jordan resub pyro JKL
subbed plaques - jigaboo 3/7 as foggers
that travis HD cam yeah just hype ash or
exclamation mark camera and you'll see
what's going on Mike spam is returning
Mike spam who and the passes had
unpopular opinions we're gonna see if
yes popular video tonight this time it's
just a question oh we've had like three
Quentin mark for mark who re says no
questions he's full we've got three
questions on a row I mean it's it's PO
Bell dude I feel like whenever you know
pro player you get a lot more questions
because people are trying to learn their
insight oh yeah sure well Mike work Mike
spam remind everyone where you're
calling from still Seattle Travis okay
well listen we have people that don't
watch the other episodes just because I
obviously never remember where you're
calling from doesn't mean everybody else
would thanks for being a Twitter crime
sub by the our twitch sub by the way
thank you so much thank real foxy not me
okay well thank you real foxy what do
you want to talk about in the show today
Poe Beltre as the meme say is the NA
mid-period
and I want to know why he thinks unlike
all the other mid talent that has been
in the region around him he's survived
so long yeah you're referring to the
fact that in North na LCS frequently
imports as na talent rather than pulling
in the midlane specifically one see once
again we're down to a single North
American mid laner in the LCS with high
getting swamped out for Micky right oh
yeah that's true yeah so there's what
was it put why are you the lighting
sorry I why did the only one died dude
yes so when I first started playing an
LCS I think yeah there were seven a name
it's okay there were eight teams and
then TSM had Grigson he was like that
was his first season
was my first season too I think
well second back then back then pretty
much everyone was in na mid I don't know
I just I was really young back then a
lot of the mids at that time we're like
getting older on their way out or yeah I
mean and then something that I also
started to think about too is that I
really like don't want to fall off like
as a lot of pro started to retire and
then you know like odwin SCARA that kind
of generation of pros as they started to
taper off and retire I remember thinking
to myself like oh I don't want that to
happen to me so I'm gonna like practice
really hard to make sure that doesn't
happen
so I think part of it is that part of it
is also just like as team started to
import mid laners I feel like there's a
really big and I guess this is true for
every role but there's just like a
really big amount of base knowledge you
have to have as a mid laner and then mid
laner has been so important for so long
in competitive league that if you're
like new to the pro scene trying to
learn mid like a fresh rookie in LCS
like that's just really hard to pull off
these days because if you make one
mistake like if there's one thing that
you don't know about and then you lose
your mid prior and then we go sad about
that is your bot like let's see you just
get caught I'll cry that one time that
game is fucking over you lost that game
and then yeah I mean there's just so
much you have to know so much you have
to learn I think that's another reason
another reason it's just that teams are
not really that willing to give so many
mids to try like I think there's a lot
of not a lot but this there's a couple
na minutes out there who might be
alright if they were given the same time
to grow maybe came in to the scene at
the same time I had but yeah at this
point I think a lot of teams are just
afraid to take the risk so they just
kind of go to import mid laners but mmm
like with the Academy League starting
this year
Equifax you know they used to monta for
a few games and maybe we'll see some
more of that as time goes on do you
think about link program you talk a
little bit about other people dropping
off and stuff like that but I think it's
pretty fair to say that you also I would
say step your game up I mean like you
obviously and just are joining better
teams than just like a winter Fox winter
flock scuse me but like I think you also
legitimately got a lot better because
you're no offense but your first split
in the league I think a lot of people
would have put it was a dumb noob back
then for sure yeah better each season
and yeah I mean like probably the first
good team I joined or like the first
team that I started to learn out was
when I would join CLG in 2015 and those
year we won the whole thing I think I
think I was just like I was like still
pretty good compared to the competition
at the time but really it was just like
darshan was so much better than every
top at that time and then I balling was
so much better Jake was always doing
really well so I just like I did I did
pretty well back then too but really it
was just really easy to win you just
picked Viktor and yeah and then for me
it was okay after that I joined
immortals and then I guess I just kind
of became more aware of like everything
I was lacking as a player after like we
had this really good regular seasons and
then didn't do well in playoffs like I
realized oh you know a lot of that was
my fault and like I really need to work
hard on these things if I want to win
again like I did on CLG like it's not
gonna be that easy again ever so yeah I
just really try and focus on what I need
to improve on do you think there's a
chance that people that players don't
try to become mid laners because they
just don't feel like there's an app
opportunity there right like better to
go to one of the other roles them to go
to mid lane I don't gate role swap to
support for mid shady did the same thing
exact same thing I think there's a
couple others it's almost like a
self-perpetuating problem where North
America doesn't
recruit in a challenge for the midlane
so na talent doesn't want to become mid
laners which deepens the weakens the
chant or the pool of the people that can
play mid lane in north america which
makes it less likely that people will
draft them etc yeah and maybe eventually
some days some teams just gonna be like
fuck it and then they put in a name it
and he's doing it right and then other
teams we can realize like oh maybe we
shouldn't just import every single mid
laner like maybe we don't have to do
that but until then yeah it's it's just
me baby it's me I think I think some
teams tried that last year maybe one of
the teams you were on didn't den Ende so
well yeah wait Team Liquid last year oh
oh sorry yeah the way I phrased that
didn't make much sense thanks Michael we
should I got food here why don't you
we'll wrap up this cold you can eat your
food I'll do an ad and then it'll all
work out so alright anything else you
want to say Mike spam there's a certain
group of people who are still fans of me
and still post this bod in a really
obscure subgraph it I just want to say I
know you guys do this thanks very
mysterious but thank you so much Mike
Sam for your can I ask like what what is
it the clip if it's not gonna get you in
trouble it's just like a personal coupe
of you or like a clip of when you're on
the show when I'm on the show there are
people who are just like hey Mike spam
is on this show remember him is it good
or bad video Mike's fans thank you so
much for coming on the show I really
appreciate we'll catch you on the next
call see you later Travis alright I was
just trying to figure out what was going
on like I didn't know who was a good or
a bad thing
that's just confused well Eugene is
eating I want to talk to you guys about
the best sponsor this show has ever had
alright the only sponsor it's ever had
but that was just makes them even more
special I want to talk to you about Owen
by HP they support the show guess what
this is behind me this is an omen by HP
monitor I win by HP keyboard owned by HP
Wow the camera actually like
so okay anyway all my HP desktop all
this is my editing rig this is where
Broden can come in and work on vlogs and
content and all this cool stuff we're
streaming this off of that as well so
the Travis cafard eSports studios
sponsored by homeland by HBO brought to
you by all the amazing stuff that
they've been able to hook us up with
working on something with them right now
what you can't talk about but hopefully
we'll be able to talk about and then in
your future they support all sorts of
stuff in the eSports space from
overwatch League does tlg to this show
and they make it possible you all know
that mark has been on the verge of
homelessness for quite some time ever
since he lost his job and I'll fly TV
and you know the whole riot stuff is
really dried up there's no interest for
a mess I actually yeah it's crazy HP was
nice enough to like hook me up with a
significant other did like make my rooms
true like it's it's been really good
that's true the agency found a lovely
woman and set him up on a date and now
his room looks a lot nicer but you know
that's not true but it's the spirit of
it you know like they actually do help
to see the lot and they care about they
care about not just the shows that they
sponsor but the people behind them as
well no I'm saying I'm very true very
true so anyway I just want to shout out
them you can I would highly recommend
I'll put their their Twitter their
YouTube in the description of this video
people can go find it and Link it and
twitch every no because twitch chat just
like you guys love them one by each but
you guys are talking about all the time
you can share it there but anyway
there's gonna be some content maybe in
the future that's hitting their their
twitch channel and and YouTube channel
that may or may not involve the world's
sexiest League of Legends interviewer
and so you get you get a stay tuned for
that but thank you so much to you I'm by
HP for their support
uber lawn gnome just sudden says omen by
HP paid off my college debts thanks Owen
by HP see look they're doing amazing
stuff I'm not very able to verify the
credibility of what is there any law
against what we do or at least what I do
when I just like completely lie about
what's happening is there something
about like false advertisement that I
need to worry about you
when asked these questions you know like
you we should be having these
discussions off air not on air but
there's more people who might know the
right answer now I just need to read
twitch chat there's no way they would
thank you so much Don by HP moving on we
will we'll get the next color here in
just a second I'm going to read off some
subs so that Eugene can get more food in
his mouth
let's see so plaques of Jigga by its
recept we got that Rico suave eight six
one nine three recept four five months
five months holy moly
boy you sense two hundred bits and said
Travis gives us some ho builders so he
can afford some food think good goodness
he's got some food from sham sham sham
gifted us up to cup of Lulu for three
months are my garden monster donated $5
is a cool to see mr. IQ are 200 IQ on
the stream longtime fan of you all and
more so Eugene feel free to just nod
your head if you're ready for us to grab
another caller who can already not ready
okay well world of balance just subbed
Peter 3:3 yeah let me just see it one
more chicken it'll be like a minute okay
author party 64 summed I can always feel
thank you to all those people Zane
borrow 700 said I like to I spend like
eighty percent way free time watching
your content my wife is beginning to
hate me hey did you really need the wife
in the first place you just watch this
age are you sure it's the content an
uber lawn gnome resolved for four months
with the shadow table HP so thank you to
all of those lovely people and as I'm
saying this crazy my r51
subbed as well so thank you so them how
you been mark I've been great yeah what
is PO Beltre eating that's so I'm really
curious a chicken yeah but you said one
more eating a full chicken or is it like
he's got wings
you know the wing stop actually that it
looks like some sort of Mediterranean
dish I think okay well we're we don't
eat that close so um yeah it looks like
Mediterranean I think I bet you it's
like a chicken kebab thing and
that's it's got rice and I don't mind
like to Z key and yogurt kind of sauces
just yeah Dan y'all making me hungry
yeah yeah I can't really appreciate a
food until I understand what it looks
like as someone's chewing it so chef
shadow is a twitch sub and is here
shadow help us the whole time while PO
Beltre eats where are you calling from
Yankee school Houston we got another
caller from Houston you but you've been
on the show before yeah yeah I was there
when Kelvin was wrong about Club meeting
to yourself that's right yes and we'd
doublelift yeah Oh - two TL players I'll
just talk to them all like
yeah exactly warehouse Houston these
days do it it's so hot like I was
burning today like this shit's crazy
early you know you don't want to come
here like it's hot
like this is the hottest it's ever been
like yeah I feel you dude like I didn't
I didn't turn my AC on today and it got
up to like 79 in my room especially with
the humidity I'm ready well what do you
want to talk about in the show shadow
hey what's up I wanted to ask a
pole-vaulter like what would it take for
like a new generation of players like
someone like me like if I wanted to like
just go pro like how like how hard would
I have to work and like what would it
take to get there like cuz I recently
started playing league in season seven
and so like how long would it take me
like if I were just to put like a
hundred percent of myself in there like
how long would it take this pobelter
just say you have no chance it's all
over well what are you what what do you
are you yeah what you are you alright
I'm in silver 3-bit I have a new account
at level 30 that I haven't touched and I
just been like learning a lot more stuff
just muting all people are so toxic
these days it's like so crazy that's
that's like what this the hardest thing
to deal with like nowadays like so toxic
like that's like really that's the only
thing like like I just meet all everyday
so that's the only thing but other than
that like I'm showing progress so like
pretty good that was progress Lucretia
like I'm just dying less I'm playing
more for my team like I'm a jungler so
like I never like I would do anything
for my teammates like I would leave my
camps I would like give them my bread
like if they wanted it like the second
the second bus they I always give it up
you know I'm just like trying to pinch
ya like cuz I know that's like I feel
like that's what it takes for a jungler
like they have to be the person to
sacrifice themselves to help the laner
it's because they're more important to
carry so let me ask you how many games a
season do you think you play yet since
season seven was my first season like a
nice I got to level 30 in May so it's
been like a full year now playing ranked
and I got to silver before the end of
season seven and then I was like fuck
and silver right now they like it I have
another count that's like totally
untouched that little thirty yeah
roughly how many games because I
probably 1500 like a year over maybe
more belts are going yeah I don't know
how to say this but your chances are not
that good sorry yeah it's um yeah it's
it's cool to just improvement is
relative you know like yeah I used to be
a cross-country runner and I wasn't shit
I don't know it I don't know how to
phrase this
you know I'm gonna stop with that
analogy and just say keep out it dude if
you're improving and you feel good about
improving that sounds great
you sound like a player whose attitude I
would love to have all the way to you
yeah I think I could get to Diamond
before the season ends like honestly
that's what that's just my plan if I
don't need diamond before the season
ends like what is this is my don't you
don't I would say don't come up if you
don't hit diamond buy it buy this season
like I I didn't play a ton of ranked but
like it took me like a year to have to
hit diamond two years ago actually
she try but this is like my oh yeah I
haven't been playing like these kinds of
games like that's the only I know like a
lot of people have been playing like
games of four League like all that shit
but that's really probably what's
holding me back like I'm just trying to
learn a lot more about the game right
now like and how everything works so I
don't really care about my main accounts
rank I just I'm just learning like right
now so what does it take
Eugene like what like how many games how
much effort like was it really take
together Wow probably like Jesus
probably like 5,000 games at least coins
thousand like really good games where
you earlier yeah from each game mm-hmm
but I would recommend spending that time
doing other things honestly at this
point well what what if somebody just
wants to get really good like they just
want to get challenger or they or they
just want to get like they they don't
have hopes of going in the LCS that's
not what they want to do but they do
want to be like a standout player in
North America you don't need to tell me
how many games but like what how much
commitment like is it just paying
attention every single game is it like
really dedicating yourself to one role
and trying to go for that or like trying
to become a one-trick like what does it
take I think you just got it like
understand the game at a core level and
it's hard to know whether or not you
really understand the game but you don't
know if you play a lot and then you keep
improving rapidly that you actually
understand the game but you know like
you either have it or you don't like the
story of most Pro players is like well I
was playing this game for fun and I was
just playing it alexis is pretty fun and
I was just like really good I guess so
that's kind of the story of every pro
wasn't like anyone who is a league of
Legends pro gamer tried really hard to
be a pro gamer because he really wanted
to be a pro just like it just sort of
happened because naturally we just like
understood the game well I guess yeah
yeah I get it
mark you everything else I was just say
I think if you haven't played a game
like this football TV you played dota
before yeah I played okay it's a funny
story uh in like middle school my
parents didn't want me spending like
money on video games and things like
that so you know I wanted to buy
Warcraft but I didn't want to like ask
them because they'd probably say no so I
downloaded it illegally and then I was
just playing on like this bootleg
European server playing with like
Brazilians and Russians every game on
300 thing in DotA and there was not a
good time but yeah I did play a little
bit of dota before I played league so so
I feel like that's why I put bolts were
seeing him playing a game like this
before cuz like i never played dota and
when I first played league I just like
it was like yeah Blitzcrank Ramis
Pullman's tara taught them great lame
and that was just like you just like
don't even understand what you don't
understand yet you know yeah and it's
really it's really hard to understand
like in low ELO cuz like everyone's just
doing whatever they want to and that's
like really the oh my god Lee that's
it's whatever but I'm yeah I'm done yeah
it takes a lot a lot of work yeah we're
good thank you so much for callin and
shadow it was actually a really
interesting conversation well thank you
and best of luck ranking up over the
course of the season all right well I I
tried to drag him at the same time he
left and so I ended up in the other
channel somebody yes that would be good
I think you two kube's who donated $10
that said loved the new video on The
Players Association traps Thank You
coops sham sham sham gifted subject xx
haze and sham sham sham gifted sub to
ban e pawn who somebody knows Bonnie pan
SS girlfriend but that's not how her
identity is defined and she is she
streams did you know that Bonnie streams
Cole Beltre no yeah she's a big streamer
she's she's on the horizon she's rising
the next cook you mean I think ah
Gingka is here how's it going think of
where you come from
hey how's it going Travis I'm in Lake
Charles Louisiana Louisiana okay well I
think that's in the south I tend to
ignore everything that's not the west
coast or New York how is Lake Charles
ah good hot just like a last car let's
see is from Houston I kind of feel that
is their second actors like do you know
the last caller looks like house it is
that is that is that there's actually a
lake there and Lake Charles yes yeah
that's we've learned so much on the show
what do you want to talk about tonight I
wanted to ask pobelter about the
franchising this past split how he felt
whether it affected the region's skills
significantly either way negative you
know I think franchising was definitely
something B owners wanted a lot more
than the players as a player it doesn't
really matter for me at least because I
know as long as I'm good I'm gonna have
a job I'm gonna have a spot on a team no
matter what so I didn't really care
about that but for owners it's like you
know maybe if they make the wrong
decision or the team falls apart and
it's not in their control and then they
fall out of the league they're just like
fucked so they really wanted to have
these permanent spots but in terms of
how it's affected me as a player I think
it's been positive overall like overall
salaries went up the contract lengths
increased and then things seemed more
stable overall donors seemed more
happier overall and like more willing to
invest in the players so when it was
first happening I was like I didn't
really understand how it would affect me
as a player but in retrospect I think it
was a positive change yeah do you do you
feel like okay so maybe it helped with
the scene do you think that North
America is a better region because of
franchising either because we were able
to pull more people do you think it's a
worse region that one things I've heard
is that franchising hurt the region
because a lot of the good talent ended
up being spread out across several
different teams and so the the work the
best teams got worst worse over a year
over year
it's kind of I don't know how you feel
about all that stuff I don't see how
franchising would have had an effect on
how talent is spread throughout the
region I don't think it made it struck
the region stronger or weaker yeah I
mean teams are regardless of franchising
teams are gonna still try and be as
strong as they can be that's not really
something that franchising affected you
know because you know there's no threat
of relegation anymore but it's not like
everyone's just like sitting around
being like oh we don't have to try hard
anymore let's just lose or win it does
every team is still giving their
absolute best win yeah it's just like
the relegations anymore mark do you have
any thoughts on this stuff I don't think
it made the region weaker I also thus
far has not made the region stronger
everyone's hoping that the Academy
League will pay out like you know
footballs were saying like Demonte or
somebody can finally break in as like
any mid laner or whatever other other
positions so right now like I think it's
fine I think like one of the big fears
was like the idea that some would be
just like bottom feed in the LCS and
like haha I don't care I would like I
don't think any any player would be on a
team like that and like maybe it's like
oh it's just the or they just like when
we sign like the worst players and just
like then you're not making any money so
ah yeah no one ever really reads for the
last-place team like we isn't like a
real sport where even like a crappy team
like in basketball
I don't watch basketball at all but I'm
sure there's some crappy team in the NBA
this still has like a lot of fans who
show up to their games and things like
that I don't really know if that's the
thing in league like I'm pretty sure no
one just really pays any attention to
team that's just losing all the time
yeah yeah so I think those most those
fears as you can see didn't quite work
out like yes there will always be a
worse team there has to be a ten place
team but other than that I think it's
been mostly good so far an arrow and
chat says Academy is paying off I am oh
yeah I mean that I mean it makes sense
right because echo fox was able to pull
their cat
players in so he would definitely feel
away we having a bunch of people in the
chat right now we've got I don't guess
who just came home I
we've got same vicious in the chat we've
got Steve in the chat we've got a bunch
of people know in the chat Toby yeah I
don't know if he can you hear me he
might be able to wait Steve's in here it
got a little my bus yeah I sit up
yeah sit up look good your tryharding
alright man pobelter you've just been
such a great guest one of the best
guests guests we've ever had one of the
best there's a team like good yeah I
have the three rep we've had way more
team liquid players in any other place
yeah that's cuz they're great to work
with and in no way because you used to
live in the same apartment complex not
used to work I've heard well I've
requested players from other teams and
been told that none of the players are
interested because they don't care about
the community like Cole Beltre does
Mobile Payment
mobile Turk cares about this community
this audience you know yeah and I think
po Beltre I just think so and who just
really wants to connect with the fans
and that's why he's on the show cognizes
and check the show gets more corporate
every day Oh what let's see
any other thoughts Zink Oh on
franchising other questions anything
else just one of the quick when I find
the chance sorry what's that I just
wanted a quick question if you don't
mind
sure so kind of along the lines of the
Academy I was curious if what Pope
thought about the Academy and if it
plays a significant role or if somehow
in the future it could play a
significant role in improving I think
it's just kind of the same as challenger
League but uh you know challenger league
teams were trying to get into LCS so
they would just pick up whatever import
at the time and then try and stack out
the roster with import so I were just
like smurfing and Challenger series so
you know like try to get like mad life
dandy yeah I mean there were there were
a lot of like players that were above
the caliber of the NA challenger series
playing in that a challenger series
specifically for that purpose and then
actually I was surprised
so many imports still in the Academy
series this year because I don't really
understand like the point of having
imports in Academy teams but what am I
thinking about what's my point here I
don't even know what my point was
whatever whatever you thought about
academies oh so yeah now it's like
people aren't trying to get an LCS
anymore there's a lot more percentage of
native players like players from na
soloq you in the Academy League because
teams aren't as concerned about she's
trying to have the best possible roster
to get into LCS that split so you know
no matter how you look at it it's just
more room for any players to grow and if
you look at Team Liquid they were able
to use one of their Academy players
during an international event so that's
yet and they were able to trade their
import Academy mid laner to another team
okay wait he was on the TLA team and
actually he was supposed to be the mid
laner for Team Liquid coming up but then
all that stuff with the mortal stopping
franchising happened and then things are
sending up happening we're making out
move to the Academy team so I was
sitting in a way we Steve so he came up
was like talking about something else he
completely missed that part I'm sorry
Steve one point that I know some people
name was that like by having challenger
like League focused on bringing the best
talents in north america and improved
soloqueue because you had like a couple
more high quality players on the server
like i don't know if how much credence
you you give to like people who were
talking about that mmm I'm not really
sure if that had a big effect
hmm
you know maybe you did a little bit like
something that would that really struck
me about playing solo queue in Korea and
even in Europe is that there's just so
many pro gamers in that high elo like in
Korea you have all the top Korean
Chinese and Taiwanese pros and then even
like players from Japan Vietnam playing
on that server there's even like players
that start will get out pro players that
struggle to get out of Diamond on that
server because it's not competitive but
even when I went to Europe there's so
many pro players playing from like the
smaller national European leagues like
the German league the Spanish league
things like that and then these players
will usually have like a way better
grasp of macro and the team game then
your average so the key player but then
on na a it's like you have all be any
LCS pros a lot of which don't even play
that much solo queue and there's not
really like you know that you and
Korea's I talked about have a lot of
players from different regions playing
on their server but na I only really see
any players and then like the occasional
like land Pro or like pro from South
Latin America I think they're one region
next year but yeah it's like I really
don't see many pros besides just any LCS
pros here and there and so most of the
time it just seems to be like a big
fiesta yeah we're good well hey thank
you so much for your call I think you'll
really appreciate ya thank you for marks
already switch to the other channel to
grab something very quickly thanks of
time we got another caller coming in any
second I want to say thank you to
everybody who's been subbing it's
actually interesting over the past the
course of the past couple months
twitch crime subs have actually been I
don't know if they rival my patreon but
it's it's getting there a lot of support
from the community and speaking of the
community oh he's not hearing it mark
still pulling somebody but just imagine
if somebody was here and I was able to
use that segue perfectly alright
Bonzo TV resub - Kyle zero eight zero
eight recept with a tier two sub by the
way I just uploaded just level oh that
should be here any minute the tier two
sub emotes so we looking for that OS
riot is here
show us right where you come from
Houston Texas
another Houston Texas person Texas is
really shown up on the show I'm just
trying to prove that they deserve an
event yeah yeah I heard by the way I
heard that the that riot the rumor is
that right almost was able to have an
event in Texas for summer split but it
fell apart that's it you're kind of hard
to hear oh you hear me now yeah
especially be a close to your mic I
think that'll help her hear a lot of
Akron well yeah we always have coming
here agreed on oh you heard that rumor
as well yes
Oh interesting oh come on it's
interesting that you oh that I've heard
it it's even more interesting that you a
caller who I am unfamiliar with have
further everyone either way let's get
into it
what do you want to talk about the show
I wonder why it seems that one all right
18 it's not just all the teams seem that
one thing here they're really aggressive
they don't list floorplan almost kind of
like mine I don't know but every time
ago - close it's blue on your top line
and always seems like you're saying that
yeah na teams play really aggressively
whenever they're playing domestically
but internationally it feels like they
all play safer or even maybe afraid or
whatever yeah all right very good poll
belter what are your thoughts on that or
mark either if you guys want to open up
is it true like first off do you think
that it's true is it true that North
America plays a little safer a little
bit more scared at these international
events for me okay so within na I felt
like we were actually a really
aggressive team early game we were like
a really strong early game team like
apart from echo fox were probably the
two like strongest early game teams
within an LCS and then we went to msi
and then started to play against teams
there they were also just like really
good at
game and then new a lot of things that
we didn't know that we had to learn and
catch up on so I think part of it is
just different domestically and
internationally
just like difference in how strong the
teams are I think that also the reason
why it looks like you know we play more
aggressively in na than we do
internationally is just like teams just
straight up don't make like the same
level of bonehead mistakes that you see
in na LCS a lot so it's really easy to
see like okay we ganked but we killed
them bot oh we're playing aggressively
but really that wasn't it it was just
like oh they're really overextended
let's punish it and then if you don't
have the same openings then it's a lot
more difficult to come up with an
aggressive play because it's not like
the enemy is making a mistake that you
can punish it's like it's just much more
difficult than that
yeah Marc well yeah I think I mean
pretty much exactly what pobelter saying
like if against domestic competition
you're able to bully someone in lane
when you shouldn't be able to and then
you can set up a dive on them it's like
oh my God look how aggressive they're
being but if you go up against Uzi and
suddenly you're not winning lame than
like your own like you can try and gank
in my guess but it's it's not really the
same level of play and you know that has
a knock-on effect because League is such
like an interconnected game it's like if
maybe your junglers not as good your top
laner your mid like you know it really
limits how the entire entire group can
play so yeah I don't think like teams I
think most of the times teams don't go
there and have a actual conscious shift
in play style it's just like you're
playing better teams you can't do the
same things like you would probably
think any you know Pro running back
against like a high school level team
would just like smash over people but
then when they go up against other pros
it's like okay they suddenly can't Bowl
those people so it's just you know to
two different opponents so just it's
almost like that where you just play
something same 18 going over that you
feel safer or know that your knowledge
of them so you're
I don't think that's I love houbolt your
speak but for me I don't personally
think it's like a familiarity or under
psych like comfort level with the teams
you're playing against though I think in
some situations maybe the international
stage does like nerves can get to people
and then like because they're nervous
they're not playing us aggressively but
I think the vast majority the time it is
literally you're playing better teams
who don't make mistakes like pobelter
thing yeah I mean some of it is nerves
to be fair like the pressure I felt
playing at MSI you know playing it like
the na LCS finals was like oh no that
was probably like a three out of ten
there's a pressure and I felt really
chill but playing at MSI I felt like
nine out of ten like well we should I've
really feel the pressure so that was a
little bit and I tried my best to not
like let that affect my playing game but
really a lot of it is just yeah if we're
playing in na LCS and then we're winning
like two lanes maybe three lanes then
you know it can be easy to make a play
it's so easy to set up a play if you're
winning two lanes or sorry it's really
easy to set up a play if you're winning
all three lanes and it's still like
pretty you see if you're winning to you
but if you're only winning one lane or
like it's one lane is winning and one
lane is this even then the game just
plays out a lot more slowly like that's
just how it is
yeah well I just really feels like you
guys are more over to dump on their
mistakes like your mistakes gear in a
serious a lot things other than you guys
do when there's it overseas so it sounds
like it seems like you guys are able
just off those Oh we'll make that jump
on I pushed it but yeah you're not
really like there yeah but I think we
understand what you're saying we're just
telling you that like it's more
difficult like I'm not no one's saying
like international teams are perfect but
it's like if if one team makes 10
mistakes and you're in position to
punish five of them that's great
if you're against a team that makes
three mistakes you need to be in
position to like to make punish those or
something so I I guess I hope you're
understand what we're saying here it's
like you're
better teams - you look less aggressive
because there's less opportunities to
beat them actually I was gonna cool
thanks so much show us right yes coming
on the show and hopefully it cools down
in Houston soon but probably not right
yeah I'm doing a show mix locker happen
woman thanks so much guys one of the
things I wanted to follow up on from
that PO boaters when you said like the
pressure at msi was 9 out of 10 and i
kinda wanted to ask like why you thought
it was so much higher in like how it
compared to like worlds and like if it
was being the only any representative or
like whatever you you know the cause of
so much pressure was um so yeah i i've
been a world's twice now and then going
on msi i figured oh it's just gonna be
like worlds again you know it's an
international competition of course
teams are gonna be really good
harder it's gonna be harder than na for
sure but i'll be prepared for it pretty
well i think but i think it felt
different because I'm heading into
Worlds both times in my experience the
meta was really fleshed out like let's
see the first time played at Worlds is
that fucked up juggernaut meta where
anything linking mordekaiser every
single game and then like Fuhrer was
still ungodly broken for the first week
everyone thought Darius was broken to
you so everyone had really similar ideas
for that one for the last world sigh
planet is the fucked up part and censor
meta we're whichever team got art and
sensor first they won the game because
they push bot turret first so for both
of those like the meta was fleshed out
for this MSI is like a lot of teams had
different ideas coming into the event
for us we just streamed fnatic mostly
because we were in Europe
pretty early and so we had like
developed their own style and strategy
and pics and then we went up against
teams and then it's like oh well what
we're doing isn't working and then it
was it would took a lot of time and hard
work for us to identify like what we
need to change what our problems are and
it's just like stressful to go through
that process for like okay the schedule
was like wake up at 9 or 10 or whatever
get ready go play two games throughout
the day you get back it's like 6:00 p.m.
and then
you're screaming the whole time and then
you get to sleep it around like 1:00
a.m. so it's it's just a lot of time and
like a lot of high pressure because yeah
there is that pressure of feeling like
you're the only representative from your
region you know when I made mistakes
like I played pretty awful the first
couple days of that event and I just
like install and installed like Twitter
reddit everything off my phone because
then you looking at that stuff would
probably be horrible for me for my
mental to but I could still feel like in
the back of my head it's like oh god
people are probably gonna think I suck
ass I kind of came to terms with that
okay we started to play better when
there was less pressure on us like we
got to the point where we were 0-4 and
we're like all right guys we really
fucked up didn't we were here before we
were totally shitting the bed and that's
all right
because there's still three days left
and we can at least try and pick up as
many wins as we can so once that was our
mindset it felt a little more chill like
we had already accepted that you know we
were sucking massive dick everyone
probably thought we suck just like all
this a horrible stuff you're like yeah
you know that's probably true and then
from that point on we actually started
to play our game a lot better but yeah
the pressure is really different just
like having to figure out the meta every
single day and having to adapt every
single day like a lot of the pics we had
we really never even practiced that much
in MSI like for the last few games of
MSI I was just like one treating
malzahar because he seemed really strong
all of a sudden like I played against it
once and then I played it myself once
and then we picked it on stage like four
games in a row in our last game we
picked karma cog I don't even think we
drafted that a single time it was just
like we played against RNG and then they
shot on us with it because it seems so
strong and they were like hey let's do
it
it looks really good because I was just
kind of like what we had to do because
if we just tried to play what we had
prepped for prior to the event obviously
it wasn't working I think Mariah's like
three games out of them I just went 0-3
I don't think I've won a single Ryze
game in all of my international
events so you have fucky res I don't
know where I was going with that but
basically it's hard to attempt yeah I
appreciate the pobelter monologue of
just extreme of consciousness you know
what buck rise when TL makes it back to
worlds is there any chance you play like
it's super meta it's like guys this is
definitely you gonna play it yeah you
know of course maybe with the next to
Rick it'll be good again what what that
last date was so hard it's so so weird
like I actually really thought you guys
were gonna go through what do you think
held you back on that that last day or
what you know we didn't really get a
chance to talk to any of the players
after that let's let me think the last
day we played flash wolves and then rng
and then we had the tiebreaker yeah and
all you need to do is like when one of
the two games no we be flash wolves and
then we lost to rng and phonetic loss to
evo sad day yeah and so we were like
holy shit
all hail Evo's gods of Vietnam we're so
thankful to them but they've gotten us
that chance yeah it just came down to
one game where yeah some really bad
should happen that game level one
actually I lost like half my wave level
one I lost like two pots to Lee it was
just perma roaming in our carry match up
top perma roaming on our kog'maw match
at bottom and I just could pressure yeah
that was some bad stuff yeah I think in
the end it didn't come down to that one
last game of course it came down to the
like all ten of those games all eleven I
guess all 11 of those games and our
overall performance of course if we had
just performed better first few days if
we had just even gotten one in three in
the first two days we would have made it
out of groups they would have not even
been a tiebreaker so yeah I mean it does
suck that we didn't make it out because
of that one last game but that wasn't
the only reason just our overall score
of all that good all right well let's
move on to the next caller
all right he should be grabbing them any
second let's see we've got a couple
different people here
Berndt cooter reset for three months
thanks Brett cootie great to have
supporters like that come in for three
months and make me say it three times
chicken alfredo RINO subbed you guys
have real foxy gifted us up to the
liquid Steve who has now been a stuff
for four months because people keep
gifting them subs and I got one today
too
oh really how would it let's have you
been a self-aligned I don't know I just
saw it came up on screen
you're like a six-month sub because
people just keep gifting you Jamaican
Yeti subbed and looks like some more
people are coming in with some subs
right now we'll get to those in just a
second but first we've got cluck cluck
how do you pronounce your name it's
pronounced out how okay how where you
calling from
I'm calling from Salt Lake City Utah
Salt Lake City yeah you got a good mic
Utah yeah thanks I work in audio so nice
well you can help out a lot of the
people that come on the show maybe even
me
by the way I need to soundproof this
office yeah suggestions um the way I
soundproof my office is I have a bunch
of audio foam and I did something he
says spray I put them on cardboard even
I did tape and put them on there okay is
that I mean cuz I don't lead amp in it
but is that gonna prevent Kobe from
Kobe's been playing music and ocean
sounds whenever I talk late at night it
won't do that it will just make your
room sound less reverb II oh yeah I need
to figure something out for the
soundproofing cuz I don't want to hear
Kobe I don't know I don't know what's
going on there he's the one playing
ocean stop because you're so goddamn oh
yeah but I mean I don't I don't know we
I don't want to know what he doesn't
think what do you listen to speed runs
when I sleep so you know what I get it
okay what do you want to talk about on
the show so I won't talk about right
just announced today that they're going
back to the old system of smaller
patches and stay like the big patches
that the coming out in this current
season a lot of the patches I've notice
are alike we're going to do support
change
oh look Ryan do mates change Swain we
work I rarely we work oh we got a new
champion coming out it's like it looks
like there's like a lot of champion like
a lot of patches that are coming out
that are huge
and now they're kind of pushing down the
brakes a little bit in these next few
patches yeah so your question is is this
a good thing it's a bad thing which I
just want to see what your guys's spots
line because I thought the way they did
it was pretty it was holes too much like
it was I think was a second patch where
they had the support changes of like
goat
goodbye site stone here's the new way
you get a new site stone I guess and for
me that was a pretty big change that was
a small patch change yeah and the next
paint change was Swain event I have all
them here because I've been waiting for
a while yeah that's why it's okay and
the next one was ability power but they
changed ability power like in five next
patches so I'm just kind of curious if
you guys would like it to be like the
smaller patches they had in the past or
is these mega patch shows now yeah these
mega patches because I thought the
makeup patches always made um made the
game a little bit too unstable
but I don't know I don't know hope out
there thinks or what everyone else sure
sure let's we'll hop into it so I don't
know marker Eugene if you want to take
it with it yeah there's definitely a lot
more volatility when it comes to really
big patches because yeah basically if
you changed more then the game can
become really different so yeah right
it's really been shaking it up this year
with each patch in terms of how I feel
about it as a pro I kind of like the
direction of the game because it's made
the game a lot more like well not in
soloqueue at least but in terms of
competitive the game is a lot more fun
than it was in the years past I think
because there's a lot more in these
strats new champions you can pull off
because of how they've tried to like
level the playing field like they've
pretty much kind of control mage powers
for like patch after patch after patch
and then now it's like control mages or
not like really that's strong right now
yeah so I kind of like that because the
game feels a lot more fresh when it's
that way back when I was playing we're
gonna Anna's ear for like three years
straight didn't feel
great but of course it is more work and
you need to put in the time to adapt and
discuss with your team I think it's
interesting are you looking forward to
the scion mid verse irelia mid from the
msi finals hitting the LCS yeah top lane
is definitely bleeding into mid lane a
bit these days not even just irelia but
some other champs and screams to silence
and really fell off after they nerfed
him and then they nerfed banner to you
so have too much of that guy but yeah so
I didn't really understand her that much
they gave it an interesting change
lately that's made it slightly more
interesting I think it definitely hurt
mid side though because he would play ap
matchups and the house couldn't deal
with the whole like complete reduction
so oh yeah a little bit more balanced in
that regard but probably not his
balanced late-game yeah I think while
it's super like I love the MSI meta and
like just watching how much shit was
viable I thought it was one of the
coolest ornaments just for like what
people were trying to do with the game I
think it's had an adverse effect for
soloqueue and like the average player
like when you have these big patches
coming out much more frequently I think
it it hurts the the average player
because they don't play like cobalt er
said you have to grind the game a lot to
be able to like really understand what
you're dealing with
most people don't need to understand it
to the level pub out there does but you
still want to at least know what the
fuck's going on and if suddenly like
your jungler you last played three weeks
ago and then you come back and now it's
like wait all my routes are different
and I have to like fight over this
fucking skull crab and like oh wait now
Xin xao is broken and like it's just
really hard to play and I think I think
what right tried to do was interesting
because they had to post well previously
were they talking about how their new
strategy was like big patch lil patch
big patch like little patch and the
little patch would tune the big patch
that just came out
but even that feels like it was a little
much and then with the midseason update
instead of having one fatty midseason
update that they normally do they did
they would roll out each class's thing
one of the times so they did like the
jungle then they did mid I forget the
order but they did they rolled out the
changes at
different times so I think I think it
was very interesting what they try to do
but I think it's ultimately probably
hurt the average players experience
unfortunately just coming from an
average player perspective like it I
think you held it hit on the mark where
it was I would not play for maybe a few
days or a week or so and like oh well we
got a new champion and wait mates
changes what do you do this like a few
patches ago now you're changing all how
the mana is and there's a bunch of stuff
it's been really weird I just never seen
and I personally just don't remember it
being this crazy with all the patch
changes yeah yeah MSI in particular
instead he's being one big change are
not made MSI but the mid mid season
patch was I think very disrupted with
how they did it this time
oh good well thank you so much for
calling in what hooks are at clock how
how sorry for hitting I've been trying
to get on I've been subscribing you've
been pronounce my name wrong the whole
entire time so I'm glad I've been when
whenever I what is have you'll accept or
something is that when I subs
I've been subbing for since so thank you
for yourself I usually try to shout them
out but you I don't think you have your
discord linked or whatever but I think
I've been trying to I'm making sure well
maybe maybe relink or something cuz
doesn't show up but anyway thank you so
much hook for your support thanks for
the call really appreciate it and I hope
to have you again on in the future
hopefully but give me some nice audio a
reasonable interesting question you
might have a higher chance of being a
read on this yep yeah not saying very
good well we're moving on we got about
four more callers and then pobelter will
finally be free
looks like he's gonna little tired Brett
0 7 to 7 donated $2 hey Travis keep up
the top-tier content let poke no I found
found some of his old code and that he
was a young prodigy much-loved did you
used to code my old code yeah I took
homicide for like four years in high
school well this person found your code
I guess you were a young product
with code the hello world drop one of
those on I don't really think I was a
very previous computer science Tita I
was like good I guess but no what's the
craziest thing you made I didn't really
experiment that much all I did was
follow the school aside it's crazy my
under fifty what is on the show
crazy minor fifty-one hopefully you
unmute yourself but where are you from
gotta animate yourself sorry back yeah
yeah Phoenix Arizona Phoenix Arizona
it's quite toasty here yeah another warm
location Oh what what do you want to
talk about the show today
I want to talk about effective
practicing in league because like um
multiple times when you've had pro
players and I'm sure they talk about how
like they end up doing triple scrim
blocks and then like Olli was on the
show and he's like yeah I've just been
doing nothing but practicing and
sleeping's like last six days and like
eight and how they keep on working
towards things but like at a certain
point you're practicing for the sake of
practicing instead of practicing for
like the sake of getting better at the
game right like practicing certain
things and I wanted to take bow belches
opinion on that so like how much
practice is just too much practice yeah
because you you think but this is an
interesting topic to me because I have
heard many times like a new team comes
in like I think it morals even said this
their first year where no was like
players who are just playing way too
hard we need to get them to play less so
we're gonna only limit our team to these
number of hours and then I think maybe
the team started slipping at one point
in time and all of a sudden they went
back the same schedule other teams have
I've read this a ton of times right so I
I have an opinion that it's really
unfortunate how much pro players
practice but it does seem like the more
you practice the better you become
I don't know what are your thoughts on
all this Eugene uh well I MTV never did
that no one might have said that at one
point but we always had the same
schedule as every other LCS team uses
yeah you know I don't really think there
is such a thing as too much practicing I
think you're practicing too much when
you just like tired and you can't focus
on that game but for a lot of people
that's not until you have been playing
for like at least ten hours like
I mean I don't start to get tired until
the end of the day after like a long day
of screams and like a couple of games of
soloqueue that's when I started to get
tired and then even then I can still get
some stuff out of soloqueue
if the games are good so yeah I don't
really think anyone practices just to
say they practice like everyone is
always working towards some goal some
concept they need to improve on or some
champion they need to learn
it's just that yeah it's just like a
really so weird I'm looking for complex
game I guess and there's always like
some little bit of knowledge or some
little concept that you can improve on
do you think that so look you like it
gives you better pray I obviously
screams I better practice but soloqueue
as worth it as like the amount of time
that you put into it like at the end of
the day of screams or some like that
it's definitely playing stoic you is
definitely preferable to doing nothing
at all like it's not ideal but so that's
the reason why it teams will just triple
block a lot we've been doing some triple
blocks too but yeah I mean essentially
it's like you're gonna practice more
than the guy next to you because if you
don't he's prolly gonna be better than
you that's all it is I think I think
it's especially interesting with non
physical sports or in competitions
because like the human body breaks down
after a little bit with like basketball
and football where it's like your
muscles physically need to relax but
with league you don't really get that
problem and obviously a lot of other
games and so you know it really does
become like what put mulcher saying like
assuming the other guy is not getting
super diminished returns on the extra
hours since putting in those will
accumulate someone puts in 2 more hours
a day over the course of you know a 90
day season or something like that I put
in 180 more hours of practice than you
if you factor that over a couple years
let's say like the guy who's working
harder and has that constant work ethic
will sustain themselves I think so
you know I it's it's pretty tough world
that's why Poe Beltre when that other
caller came in and talked about how many
games does you need to become good
and things like that like it's pretty
fucking high number yep all right
creasing like that
oh go ahead mark I have actually a
question kind of along the lines of like
efficiency practice like what about dude
do you guys ever I know I think I heard
six talk about what like CLG they had
set some like funny rules for their
screens and stuff like that to try and
like when in like a way that they want
to win like I think I heard him saying
wants to like they weren't allowed to
take Baron off like a like a random team
fight or something once and that they
had to like bait it properly or maybe it
was they can't take in hips or something
I forget what they did do you guys ever
set like restrictions to get a certain
type of practice or like drills or
anything like that
[Music]
we don't really like plan it out before
the scrim but like let's say we're
really just stomping all over a team in
practice then we'll just like start to
be like okay we're probably gonna win
these guys anyways not that winning is
important part of screaming but
basically we're like this far ahead of
this team so we can afford to like give
ourselves these limitations and try and
execute this strategy particularly or
winning this method if we get that kind
of vibe then we'll set it up like that
but yes you don'tyou is definitely a
kind of team that like to do it like
that I remember funny story one time we
were beating c9 so hard this was back in
2015 we just all roll swap I think we
like logged onto each other's tears
account said they wouldn't get
suspicious and we just all roll spot and
we still have every game so yeah it's
just kind of a thing to do if you feel
like you're just gonna like they're not
like super challenging already like you
can set up challenges for yourself and
still improve in that way
yeah I'm sure you guys go into like
scrims like a certain goal though but
you want to like practice this fro yeah
absolutely we always have a meeting in
the morning talking about you know
things we need to improve on strategies
you want to execute during the game that
you know we're good on we want to get
better at or that we're not good at and
that we need to get good at champions we
need to learn matchups
Nichiren all of those things we consider
going into a day of practice all right
hey thanks so much crazy mind for coming
on the show
thanks for having me cool we got three
more callers we're gonna speed through
these really quickly and then and then
we'll be done thank you so much tegami
for donating six hundred sixty nine bits
who she was in one of my videos before
thick Finnick LOL sub to Cookie Monster
subd Pont 40 subs I'm I'm avi lol subbed
and then beyond salvation subbed as well
so thank you to all of the subs we got
mr. scooty - on the show mr. scooty -
where're you calling from Hollywood okay
so nearby my gonna turn you up what do
you want to talk about on the show well
first and foremost I wants you on his
turnout at MSI and they have been there
kind of cutting in and out
you said congratulate him on this
turnout yeah can you give me now yeah
yeah yeah I just wanted to congratulate
him and say that you know I may not have
been the result like what I thought
they'd been any proud and no showed up
and rallied after a slow start so that's
first and foremost and secondly I wanted
to talk about who was the biggest threat
to Team Liquid in the coming split I
personally think TSM would probably be
at the top of the list probably popular
opinion but I just kind of felt like
very issues in the last split maybe he
came down to lack of synergy more so
than lack of talent and so I think you
know they have a higher ceiling maybe
been a lot the other teams in the league
so just curious to see if it was really
yes I'm gonna be your strongest rival
pobelter I think maybe I'm still like I
still just can't believe that they lost
a clutch last year I feel like there's
some sort of going on where are yet less
split I feel like there's some sort of
triangle going on where we were like
really strong against clutch and clutch
was really strong against TSM so it was
like Jesus Christ we're just
mopping the floor with clutch but you
know TSM is like they're actually kind
of tough to beat and then so we have a
real dumbfounded when clutch actually
beat TSM but uh yeah I I still think
that TSM is a strong team
they have really good players they're up
there for sure besides TSM gee I guess
clutch because they beat TSM echovox
echo fox do you think that spring their
spring split team I'm not gonna be able
to make it show up as well in the summer
no I think I go Fox is gonna be good too
they have really good flares as well and
they were a strong team during spring
split of course I think if echo fox was
on the opposite side of the bracket we
might have they've they might have been
the team we had met in the finals so
yeah they're good too honestly it's hard
to know like with right now because we
haven't even started the season and then
you know like some teams are gonna do
really well something's biting
underperform
and then generally I was just hearing
for playoffs that's when you know all
right
we're I think we're gonna do this well
during playoffs yeah but to predict it
before the split you know we I can only
have like cursory I mean it seems like
there's the potential for this to be
really interesting split because clutch
showed they were strong echo Foxtrot
they were strong hundred-seat showed
they were strong
CLG feels like they can like these
started looking really strong at the end
like maybe they figure out their stuff
yes you actually is like a lot better
than how they perform strengths but I
think it actually didn't even make play
yeah they did not make playoffs I think
this would at least still definitely big
play outs and then you got to guess em
so it's just it's it's hard to say it
feels like there's a lot of different
threats for the top it feels like a lot
of teams could be really good any chance
for teams could be bad any any chance
for any of the teams besides CLG at the
bottom to look good any chance to Mick
he's gonna revitalize golden Guardians
or the flight quest stuff will happen
and buki Mickey the big bets optic is
making I don't know I think made it
really hard to tell because like TSM
rallied and then like hundred thieves
looked really good in the second half of
the split so I think a lot people were
looking at them and then TSM lost two
clutch which set up the 100 thieves
wrist clutch which was a really long
difficult match for them and then clutch
got smashed and hundred thieves kind of
got smashed and so then people were like
so wait how good was anyone but Team
Liquid really because it just threw it
all up in the air so I I'm really saying
for this split to start both you guys
feel like you're the favorites first
split yeah I think so
I mean we placed race to last foot so I
hope for the favorites yeah it's not
like we just like fluked our way to
winning well I think it's for some
people what especially happened last but
it was like it felt really med
independent cuz like there was the the
first half the split which was like
Kerry tops and you know echo fox and
Club and c9 we're like 8 and 1 over the
first half the splits or something like
that and then when the meta change they
really fell off in the second half so I
didn't know if you think the meta will
play a huge role as well this split yeah
one of the things we realized our
weakness as a team was that we were so
to adapt on the meta a lot of the time
so that's one of like our big reading
holes throughout this split is to just
be more flexible because you know when
people said the meta really favored us
during the finals last split I figured
that was just people kind of like trying
to discount how could we work but now I
can see in retrospect that it actually
wasn't matter that really favored us and
we were fucking good at that minute yeah
so do you think that being able to adapt
doesn't really matter at all being able
to adapt is really important like
sometimes you'll just be lucky like
Samsung was really good at the patch
they won World they really understood
how to play that meta but unless you're
a team that's really good at adapting
you know you're gonna have times where
you're just good and all the time you're
just gonna shit the bed
thank you so much mr. scooty - yeah
thank you
how we doing - more collars to go almost
done no more subs shot out everything's
winding down I should have the last
breath Fraggle gasm second less Fraggle
gasm is joining the show where you
calling from Charlotte North Carolina
Charlotte North Carolina what do you
want to talk about on the show tonight I
actually wanted to talk a little bit
about hope scream hopes dream
okay what about pub stream so I found it
I've been watching it for a while and I
found it kind of interesting that you
have a relatively successful stream by
all counts I guess and your personality
at least from what I see if it seems to
be very different from like other
screamers personalities like I've tried
to said earlier it's a little bit more
you don't have him screaming and
throwing things and saying why does riot
do this why just write it do this I hate
this game I'm addicted something like
that
I'm saying it's put posters not very
entertaining right that's that's
entertainment
screaming the game would say that I'm
not sure I can say that entertain no I
gotta be honest I love watching those
kinds of streams cuz I don't watch
twitch streams to really watch anything
like sophisticated or anything that
really requires any sort of thinking I
like just watching like kitties match
their heads just kind of like go fucking
apeshit my stream in terms of what I
think about my stream it's like I really
just focus on my game like that's really
first and foremost then I'll turn on my
strain of thumb feeling all right
I definitely don't really engage with my
chat that much because I like to just
stay focused on my game even in between
cues I don't really pay attention to my
chair that much sorry guys but yeah I
mean usually when i stream i'm streaming
after like a full day of screens and i'm
just focusing on my solo queue so i
guess it is like a lot more chill vibe
than a lot of the top league streamers
who are known for like having really
like aggressive personality I don't know
maybe not aggressive but like like kind
of in-your-face personality is really
like loud in-your-face that sort of
thing
i I'm really just focusing on my game
focusing on the practice because that's
what's most important to me so that's my
more like chill about it do you consider
yourself a sophisticated streamer
pobelter the gentleman streamer really
hope the forum is the most sophisticated
a mode was what is your goal it and a
more serious note is your goal to be
just like a stream that offers high
level gameplay like worry less about
everything else does offer high level
gameplay do you turn on your stream
because you're like I'm doing solo queue
why not just streaming anyway I get subs
like what's the motivation the
motivation to stream gee I don't know I
guess it's just kind of cool like if I
make a cool play and like there's people
there to see and like kind of like be
like wow this is a really good play like
that's a good feeling
I've stream to feed my ego streaming is
definitely more damaging to you eager
than supportive of it because people
just flame you over the dumbest shit but
yeah I mean I guess I just streamed
because it's like one two I guess like
if I'm if I'm feeling in the mood I like
talk to my chat a lot and things like
that a lot of the time I'm just chilling
but no it's kind of fun to just like
chill out play some nice tunes play some
quality solar cue and just like not feel
like I'm alone while I'm doing it like
there's people watching me it's like a
community effort we're all playing
together so if you ever you know let's
say win worlds and it's like I'm on top
I'm retiring or like whatever leads to
your eventual retirement and we do you
think you'll continue streaming and then
like would you want to be a
sophisticated streamer like what would
that future look like I probably just
try and be a lot more entertaining if I
were a full-time streamer you become a
monkey screaming you compute
no nothing I try and like overdo it but
I'd probably put a lot more effort into
my stream like I to be completely honest
I don't really put that much effort into
my stream at all and you know I guess
that sucks for people who are really
into my stream sorry guys or maybe
that's what you like it's like that it's
low to the ground it's not yeah that
authenticity but I were a full time
streamer I'd probably try a lot harder
than just being like the guy that turns
it on and focuses strictly honest so
like you just talked about yeah do you
think that there's a I guess a way for
you if that were the case that you
transition to a more of like a an
educational style stream because I know
every now and then you'll have you'll
have like games where you'll kind of go
through a lot of the thought process
that's - like why you're doing certain
things how matchups play out like what
you think the other person is gonna do
what happens if he does or doesn't go
for the CS or repositions which is
always really interesting yeah I like to
do that - the problem is that it's hard
to do that like while I'm doing it and
still like focus on things and not make
any mistakes so I do like to do that and
then like because you know people will
always say even what if I say something
that I think is really obvious I know
that a lot of people are like learning
it for the first time and that it's
helpful to them so yeah it's just it's
just so hard to be a really good
educational streamer I think because
it's really difficult to provide really
good gameplay all narrating what you're
thinking all the time without making any
mistakes like getting tilted about it
and I'm sure like that would just make
you burn out really quick because after
a certain point I'm sure you just get
the same questions all the fucking time
like what should I play to climb myself
out of bronze or silver I get I get that
question all the fucking time - yeah hey
thanks so much Fraggle gasm for coming
in we got one more caller after you so
we got to wrap it up but thank you so
much thanks Rodney last
last man coming in we got real foxy get
to the sub to leave Emily and aglow
wrong eight has summed thank you for
your Chris crime did you know that if
you have twitch Prime you can settle
this show it's a great way to support
hotline League and marking my my whole
thing here it's fun times highly
recommend last caller Laura's a can is a
how you pronounce it
yeah that sounds good enough okay good
good enough and that's what we go play
down howling where you calling from
Seattle Seattle
okay another Seattle color what you are
the last caller on the show
let's give us a hot take do something
make pole-vaulter scream at you what you
got yes I just wanted to talk about I
guess the state of midlane just like
waive clearing and pushing wait you're
waving and going to effect the sidelines
basically how basically the teamwork
bass plays a snowball game way harder
than you know killing your lane opponent
and just just kind of the way the entire
game is going towards but before that I
think polos there i watch your show you
specifically for the sophistication you
have hands down like the best taste in
music by far of all the league streamers
i watch pretty sure person like jagged
does its mouth on the keys and massive
fermenting Driggs
it's like really highbrow big brain big
band jazz rock fusion that's good hey
thanks man appreciate but also on the
midland stuff you're just curious about
the state of midlane yes oh yeah scars
talked about this recently and I've been
thinking about it for a while
basically just with changes this has
happened over a lot of patches it's not
like something super you know recent
it's kind of been creeping changes to
runes item stat changes in XP range
changes it's just become a lot harder to
stomp your lane opponent and it's just
not worth put yourself in a position to
get ganked and lose mid pressure really
all you do mid is pushing the wave and
roam to fight aside lane and try to do
something there or help your dealer even
just put down vision or get the scuttle
or whatever it is do you see any way
that this could like ever be changed I
don't think it really can be I think Pro
clay has just gotten people so good at
the game this is just people getting
better at it
I don't see how riot could change this
without like completely changing or
breaking the game yeah it's just sort of
the natural way the game has developed
it's like mid game or sorry mid lane is
the lane that helps the side lanes it's
not like the side lanes are are like
collapsing on mid that's way harder than
vice versa and happened for a lot of
reasons you know like the position of
the lane relative to the other lanes and
like just the kits of the champions that
are played mid a lot and you're safe and
the in the way but um sorry we asked me
how I feel about it yeah it's just how
you feel about and if you think there's
anything that could be changed or be
done or what yeah what's your opinion
cuz I think it's actually not just
Midland it feels like every Lane really
can't solo kill I think the game is most
fun when it comes down to just like to
be to fighting around mid like not
necessarily playing a brain-dead
champion like talent or soul and perma
shopping every wave and just roaming
down to bots but when like the enemy
jungler is trying their best to stop the
mid laner from pushing out and our
jungler is helping to you that's what I
have the most fun and that was really
never how so look us I think but right
now it just feels like a lot of level to
cheese ganking just like just a fuck ton
of early ganks like one cam gank one
camp King and then whichever game
whichever team succeeds in just like
skewing Elaine completely over it
usually bottom lane because bottling is
the most easy to fuck over in this meta
the game is just doomed because once
they get fucked over that one time
they're just gonna keep getting fucked
that's what I kind of don't like about
the game and so lucky right now this
happened for a lot of reasons right I
probably didn't predict this is the way
the game would turn out but with like
the jungle the XP changes and scuttle
crab nerfing a lot of the mid laners
from control mages to favor to make
which made more room for champions like
talon and soul and like even champions
like JS that are just like super
aggressive early and can roam down a bot
and influence the game that way I think
there's definitely so some fine-tuning
to do but I can't see how
I'm obviously not a game designer I have
no idea how riot would change it besides
just like changing a ton of the
champions again or like artificially
changing it where or like removing some
of the artificial changes like for
example mid turret if you have to push
before five minutes and you're hitting
his turret it really doesn't feel any
damage because your damage is half they
could remove that then it would be more
punishing to play a pig that's not so
strong in mid length because you'd
actually start chipping at his turret
but yeah I mean that's just the way the
game is right now sucks I think like
some of its like just a game getting
salt a little bit more like the reason
bot lane gets fucked the most is because
there's two people down there so
hopefully goes right you you're
guaranteed to have a pretty big reward
Plus like the Dragons down there so you
can easily turn that into something
there's like I think there's a lot of
reasons beyond like any of those
specific changes that I made but I think
like like this like so those other ones
you talked about in that co-culture
assignment are really influential and
why it's also ended up that way and I
would love like I don't know about you
feels this way but a lot of people for a
long time and time I like how easy way
if there is like a lot of champions hit
like seven or nine with their max rank
like almost maxed ranked waveclear
ability and then from then on with blue
buff it's like clear that wave and do
something I don't know if if that's how
PO bolter feels it is or if it's gonna
stay that way or like what if he wants
it to change or just like that's because
that's a lot of what Skaro was was
talking about it thinking that that like
video series kind of thing you did
that's really how it was when it was
like Orianna syndrome meta I think I
think the game is a bit different from
that now like that is still the ideal
way to play is to like you know push out
mid lane and then pressure the river and
then eventually botlane together that's
just like the ideal way to play right
now but yeah I would say it's not so
easy to just brain-dead push out your
lane like it used to be like a lot of
the meta mid lane champs are a lot more
risky now
like irelia is definitely a champion
that's causing a
a lot of fights within the lane itself
not just like mindlessly pushing out and
then walking bottom you do you feel like
do you say you prefer that I think
earlier and like with Yasuo and some of
those other ones you can kind of just
like hop on you at any point it really
is kind of the same way that's that's
the style you prefer to play yep that's
fun I think that's probably pretty like
a large portion of the player base feels
to because I know a lot of people are
like man I missed season 3 and 4 when
you used to fight all the time and like
that's a lot closer to how it was in
people's memory yeah I think right now
the game just feels kind of whack
sometimes because the jungler is
literally ganking so much and then
there's just no words like there's no
words early game because of what they
did decide stone and because they
increased trigger duration or sorry the
trinket cooldown duration so you really
just don't have many words to work with
early game it's just your trinket that
is on like a 3 minute cooldown once you
use it once and then yeah just going
against is in that's like primary
ganking every Lane is a bit unfun at
some points yeah yeah and I guess that
is one thing that bright did do to try
to change it it's like oh those the the
vision changes they made a while ago
yeah I mean if there didn't make any
changes it kind of feels like pro play
is gonna be the death of League like you
said most people don't care too much I
actually don't mind the way the game is
I like the teamwork and all that but I
don't think most people do and rice
already talked about like oh the change
fatigue that's going on people you know
sick of them constantly changing the
game and I don't know it just feels like
a really hard problem to solve for my
right then I think someone think if they
just oh oh go ahead no finish your
thought oh I think if they just add more
vision back into the game like revert
the trinket changes and I think Cheney
side stone would be a much bigger thing
of course but I think right now the
state of the game and how heavily I
don't even know if this is how the game
is and other helos by the way I'm just
speaking from my own perspective but
yeah it's like early game has just
decides the
whole game in Hilo so lucky like
probably the first five minutes you can
tell which team is gonna win 90% of the
time how much do you think like you talk
a lot about like the aggressive ganking
and Ward's do you feel like it has a lot
of people talking about like a jungle
jungle cooldowns like being too long on
camps so like you you're forced to do
other things and power farm or something
do you feel like that's a part of it too
or is it more about the vision um no I
mean ganking is cool like ganking is why
League of Legends is fun right it's not
really about just farming the whole time
finding is what's fun about League of
Legends but um you know solar queue is
really different from pro play of course
but in solo queue I don't really feel
the vibe that the enemies Enzo is
getting punished for building mobile
boutique on stantly walk back more than
two lanes chain gang bot and eventually
getting to know someone's gonna fuck up
cuz it's so limp you know it's like oh
that's actually just maybe the best
strategy hey thanks so much for come on
Lords akin yeah thanks for having me yes
right so that wraps up the show mark you
got anything you want to plug anything
you want saying oh college championships
start tomorrow motherfuckers and I won't
be there the next two days cuz I'm only
doing the ad which is until Saturday
Sunday but it starts and a lot of the
premier Catholic it's not me casting
guys you have real good casters you got
captain flowers and rib
all those guys casting so you know tune
in it'll be a lot of fun and then yeah
I'll be doing the eg later on so real I
have a shout out to make right now which
is that scrap Jack subbed Thank You
scrap check also thank you to ll
Scambler who just sent ten thousand bits
thanks for everything Travis the whole
team around you as well League just
wouldn't be the same without Travis
Khafre eSports constant content one love
seriously man thank you that was a very
generous bit hit to the stream but
anyway College stuff
mark said it's a big deal check it out
this weekend gives you prep for LCS
we're just starting the weekend after
yeah boy Eugene what do you want to say
thanks for watching dudes plug your
stream uh yeah you can watch my stream
if you want it's just my name it's just
pro belter if you want to check it out
you don't have to but it's there if you
want to oh yeah that's a good you got
you got a schedule uh-huh just whatever
I feel like it great some nights like
after your screams usually all right I
thanks so much
I have an announcement to make did of it
I should tease this my I'm gonna be
starting a new show called what stream
chat we talked about this Mike I know
okay okay I much like in 2011 when I
started interviewing people like
pobelter who was 13 at the time we're 12
maybe 10 I would realize there's not
very many people interviewing streamers
and since I became independent left
Yahoo I've been really interested in
sort of the twitch community
interviewing different streamers or
rather talking different streamers I did
an interview with a woman named Yuna a
while ago and that really kind of got me
thinking about this stuff so I have a
new show the plan the plan the premise
for it is that I denounce you know a day
in kind of a rough time whenever that
streamers done with their show I go live
on this channel interview the streamer
for about 30 minutes and then that goes
up on the YouTube channel the first
episode will be on Saturday with pokey
because I think a great person to talk
to because a great personality mark has
already said great things about his time
working with her she's super talented
fun to talk to her about League of
Legends and also about fortnight cuz
wanna plan for this shows that it's not
just like legends it's a bunch of other
things so that'll happen on Saturday I
think she said her stream will probably
end roughly around 6:00 so that's
that's the show that you can check out
on this channel I kind of try to dive
into some of the stories that these
players or these streamers have and kind
of just try something all different from
interviewing pro players so I'm looking
for did you get my suggestion for one of
your segments I did I did I don't know
if it'll be in the first episode but I
appreciate it
hobo's or how does this segment sound to
you it's called like it's kind of like a
hot take but it's more just like a
uninformed opinion segment we're like no
judgment it's the no judgement zone it's
just like something you don't understand
and you just like you just say it and no
one's gonna think ill of you I don't get
it so you just have like a like it's
good it's kind of like a hot tank but
less like a pinion and more of like I
just don't like like me like one oh you
just go out and you say they're at the
spot and no one judges you yeah like you
can just make that argument if that's
what you're gonna I don't know hot eggs
are supposed to be controversial you
can't say it's a hot take but not
controversial no nothing it's not
controversial it's just like you know
it's it's a place for people to be able
to just say their stupid shit like and
it doesn't have to be as crazy as Flat
Earth there's like I always tell Travis
like I don't like how everyone calls
themself a streamer like I just feel
like that's a weird thing that's
happened
we're like and in the whole community
and Twitter and everything is like
doesn't matter if you stream once a week
to three people you're a streamer and
it's like bro like I don't go ride my
bike and call myself a cyclist you know
like that to me is just like a weird
thing that we've all like done as a
community like everyone's a streamer and
it just creates that like this weird one
uniform title for everyone that doesn't
apply to everyone equally and it's just
weird to me that like that's what we do
dream chat will debut this Saturday with
poki looking forward okay no one's know
if you guys have suggestions on people I
should interview would love to hear them
would love to hear them and also while
this shows getting off the ground it's
great if you like the idea of this you
want your stream or your favorite
streamers get interviewed on the show
feel free to let them know because I'm
looking for more people you know to be
on the show so thank you so much Steve
is on the chat spamming hang-up
so he's very happy that I cut mark off
Eugene's picking us dinner
Steve can you call me a ride my phone
died tremendously successful segment
Steve Jets reaction Steve if you want if
you want if you want you can call
Eugenia
caught a cab that would be great or an
uber or whatever oh he says yes I can
great glad we figured this out you guys
can talk about it over discs or dislikes
or having me Travis yeah thank you for
coming on yeah do you have an uninformed
opinion or a hot take about what sorry
that's been the hotline League episode
30 everyone thanks for watching